#summary Introducing HelpDiabetes. What HD may do for you. Everyday..

= Introduction =

HelpDiabetes is a carb counter application with blood pressure and glicemic value recorder. It works in two ways:

== Measure carbohydrates ==
Users measure the ingredients, enter them in the application and it will calculate the amount of carbohydrates and also fats, proteins and kilocalories. It is the Android version of an existing application written for J2ME. Food composition tables are available in many languages : English, Dutch, French, Italian, Romanian, Spanish, German, Czech, Norwegian and Danish.

== Keep traces ==
You can record your clicemic values and blood pressure. These record will produce a graphic that you can visualize to have a graphical state of your diabete. In future releases will be able to create a web page that you can export on your SD-Card and be showed to your doctor. You can create alarms to keep you notified, and help them on understanding your diabete situation just looking at you HD Widget. 



= Download =

You can get HelpDiabetes in two ways. Make your choice..

== Android App ==

Use Android App available on Download page.
It is called 'HelpDiabetes-XXX.apk' (where 'XXX' means 'version'). Since september 2010 this application is under hard update. This means that the current Android app may be not upgraded since JD decide to public it. Please consider to download *last stable release 1.2.0* or *join our team* to translate or suggest your adds. 


== Source Code ==

To download our source *you have to use svn* :

{{{
svn checkout http://helpdiabetes.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ helpdiabetes-read-only
}}}